Add other methods of saving drafts (#47)
ezsystems/user-documentation: docs/faq.md

**What is the difference between saving and publishing content?**

> The **Save** function, **X** icon in the upper left corner and browser’s **back button** allow you to save the current working copy as a draft to potentially reuse it later. The new version will not be published and, consequently, not visible as published content on the website or through the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Save** function, the **X** icon in the upper left corner and the browser's **back button**
enable you to save the current working copy as a draft to potentially reuse it later.
The new version will not be published and, consequently, will not be visible as published content
on the website or through the API.
```
